docs(developer): write a keyman keyboard help document (#14492)
keymanapp/keyman: developer/docs/help/guides/develop/write-keyboard-help-document.md.md

> ---

Reviewer: This file needs to rename from `.md.md` to `.md`

```
project
|
|
|____source
|    |      files
|    |______help
|           |
|           |____keyboardname.php
|
|____other folders
```

In the `.php` file, include the main code:

```php
<?php 
  $pagename = 'Project Name Keyboard Help';
  $pagetitle = $pagename;
  require_once('header.php');
?>

<!-- Write anything related to the keyboard here -->
<div>
  <h2>Desktop Keyboard layouts</h2>
  <div id='osk' data-states='default shift rightalt rightalt-shift'>
      <!-- By including this tag, the images of each layers for the 
      On-screen keyboard will be placed here -->
  </div>

  <h2>Touch Keyboard layouts</h2>
  <div id='osk-phone' data-states='default shift numeric symbol'>
      <!-- By including this tag, the images of each layers for the 
      Touch keyboard will be placed here -->
  </div>
</div>

```

Please feel free to adjust the `data-states` according to the keyboard layers; [see here](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/phphelpfile#toc-dynamically-constructed-keyboard-images).

### Keep in mind

> * Some readers are visual learner, and they might be pleased to find a documentation that has more to the eyes than plain texts, check [Khmer (SIL) Keyboard Help](https://help.keyman.com/keyboard/sil_khmer/) for minimal design of keys (`<kbd>`) and one of the many methods to showcase key combinations.

Reviewer: Minor grammar fixes

```suggestion
* Some readers are visual learners, and they might be pleased to find a documentation that has more to the eyes than plain text. Check [Khmer (SIL) Keyboard Help](https://help.keyman.com/keyboard/sil_khmer/) for minimal design of keys (`<kbd>`) and one of the many methods to showcase key combinations.
```

> * Please avoid using this:

Reviewer: Can you explain why to avoid the following? Maybe combine the paragraph in line 78 to here
